Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how Rave Me Away, LLC (“RMA”) collects, uses, and discloses your Personal Information when you use our app (“RMA App”).

Consent
By installing the Rave Me Away (RMA) application software or utilizing any associated wearable device, You agree to abide by the terms and conditions outlined herein. Your access to and voluntary use of the RMA application software and its related systems are governed by these Terms and Conditions. (“Terms and Conditions”).
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, DO NOT ACCESS AND/OR MAKE ANY USE OF THE RMA SERVICE.  

Contact
After reviewing this policy, if you have additional questions, want more information about our privacy practices, or would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at chinnant@ravemeaway.com or by mail using the details provided below:
4510 Mandell Street, Houston, Texas 77006

Collecting Personal Information
When you use the RMA App, we collect certain information about your interaction with RMA, and information necessary for emergency assistance, namely name, email, age, address, phone number, and emergency contact information.  This information may be used by first responders in assessing the situation and in the provision of resulting services.
In this Privacy Policy, we refer to any information about an identifiable individual (including the information below) as “Personal Information.”  We do not gather any personally identifying information about you when you install the RMA App, unless you choose to provide such information to us.  

Collecting Device Information
When you use the RMA App, we collect certain information about your device.  
To aid in identifying your location, we collect information about your device.  
To assist an event host in assessing an ongoing event or to plan a future event, we collect information about your device.


Sharing Personal Information and Device Information
We share your Personal Information with the host of an event you attend in the event of an emergency call by you based on your assessment of need.
We may share your Personal Information and Device Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.

Using Personal Information and Device Information
We use your Personal Information and Device Information to provide our services to you and the host of an event you attend in the event of an emergency call by you based on your assessment of need.  
Your Personal Information and Device Information may be used by an event host in managing a current event. 
We may anonymize the data associated with your attendance, by elimination of your Personal Information while retaining Device Information, to aid in improvements to our system and so an event host can manage a current event or plan a future event.  We will not attempt to reidentify a person associated with anonymized data.  To the extent anonymized data is shared to an event host, they will be contractually obligated not to seek to identify the person associated with the anonymized data and to take reasonable measures to ensure the data cannot be associated with an individual.

Retention of Personal Information
We do not retain your Personal Information more than fourteen (14) days after an event you attend and place an emergency call based on your assessment of need.  Your removal of the RMA App will prevent collection of Personal Information at a future event.

Targeted Advertising / Sale of Data
RMA does not engage in Targeted Advertising and does not sell your data. 

No Collection from Other Sources
We do not receive information from other sources and combine it with your personal information.

No Cookies
We do not use cookies.

Security of Your Personal Information
Our goal is to aid in the location of persons needing, in their sole assessment, emergency services. We use reasonable technical, administrative and physical measures to protect information contained in our system against misuse, loss or alteration. 
We are not responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any non-public information that you provide us. Any information you prove in the course of reviews or ratings is publicly available. Information that you provide us by email is not encrypted.

Policy of Young Children

RMA is concerned about the privacy of young children, and we do not knowingly collect any personal information from a child under 13 years of age. If You are a parent or guardian and believe Your child has provided RMA with personal information, please contact RMA.


Changes
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal, or regulatory reasons.

Complaints
As noted above, if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail or by mail using the details provided under “Contact” above.

Effective Date
This Privacy Policy is effective as of June 1, 2024.
